We've had several problems, but one reccuring problem we've had is that the OpenCR's firmware stops working everytime we meet in again on monday. We haven't figured out the root of the 
problem, but we found that re setupping the firmware was the solution even if a bit temporary. The weird thing was, that it wasn't when we restarted the bot, only when we met monday 
morning. 
We had a new problem with it though in week 11, when the bot refused to update the OpenCR. This seemed weird as we had no prior problems, and the guide didn't mention the problem. 
It was fixed by using the sudo command to ensure we had the rights to update every directory.

We've had problems connecting to the internet, where it suddenly stopped working. We fixed this by connecting to our own hotspot, this was in week 10, so it was about time we 
made the bot wireless anyway. This seemed to solve the internet problem for good.

We had some problems with the lidar just reading zeroes. This was a tricky issue as it could be multiple errors. It turned out to be multiple issues. 
The first and most problematic one was the wrong driver. We had the older lidar sensor which meant we had to get the driver labeled 1 instead of the usual newer one, which is number
2. Installing the older one fixed the problem in a way. We now got other readings than zeroes, but atleast half of our readings were zeroes. This problem was fixed
by reading the angle from -45 degrees to 0 and 0 to 45 degrees and taking the average. This seemed to be the most stable way of reading the distance to objects. 
It was however a bit limiting as we then limited our bot to only be able to look to the left and to the right. 

After trying to create a new file which failed, we tried to use our new code by replacing it in the original file whilst backing the 
original file up in github. This however seemed to destroy the file even though we copied the exact code back to the file. So now
nothing is working.

Week 10: Our Lidar sensor came a bit loose over the week, when we were not present. We have no idea what happened but kept working with it, as we didn't see another option
At week 13 we had to switch to another bot, because the lidar sensor had become fully loose and was sliding all over the place giving very very inconsistent readings.
This unfortunately came with a whole new set of problems as we had to reconfigure our network which we first had to troubleshoot and update some things in the bot.
We also had to reconnect the light and color sensor. After this we still had loads of trouble getting it to run as the lidar sensor fully didnt work.
It was only printing zeroes when trying to read from it. The left wheel also didnt work at all in the first 15 seconds. Then it turned on but couldn't navigate
because of the faulty sensor. 
The most annoying thing of all is that bot 20 was fully working and operational, with everything configured correctly. Someone had messed with the screws
for the lidar which caused it to literally fall off of the bot when it was driving. We unfortunately couldn't just go back to our old bot once the LiDAR sensor had been attached again
as the bot was lent to a different group who when using it smelled a burned smell and then the bot was decommisioned completely leaving us with the only option of trying to adapt our code
to a different bot with only one week to go. It was not ideal, but we ended up with a working bot however it was defineitely not working as well with our code as the old one, which makes sense
as all the bots had different kind of quirks with the LiDAR sensors and so on. 


